vim/README.md, before:

Toit
====

Plugin to add syntax coloring for the Toit language.

If you are using Pathogen to manage your vim plugins, it's enough to
recursively copy this directory to a $HOME/.vim/bundle/toit directory, so
that this file appears as $HOME/.vim/bundle/toit/README.md

Alternatively, if you are using Vim 8 or newer you can recursively
copy this directory to a $HOME/.vim/pack/toit/start/toit directory
so that this file appears as $HOME/.vim/pack/toit/start/toit/README.md

Language Server
===============

There are many LSP clients for VIM. The following instructions are for
`vim-lsc`, but they should be easy to adapt for other clients.


As described in the [readme](https://github.com/natebosch/vim-lsc) the preferred
way to install the plugin is with a plugin manager.

Here, we use `vim-plug`:

```
Plug 'natebosch/vim-lsc'
```

Don't forget to run `:PlugInstall`.

Then add the following section to your `.vimrc`:
```
let g:lsc_server_commands = {
  \ 'toit': {
  \    'name': 'toit-language-server',
  \    'command': 'toit tool lsp'
  \  }
  \}
```

Commit message:

Updating with explanation of adding syntax coloring for vim (#168)
* Updating with explanation of adding syntax coloring for vim

* Update vim/README.md

Co-authored-by: Florian Loitsch <florian@loitsch.com>

* Readding ftdetect

Co-authored-by: Florian Loitsch <florian@loitsch.com>

vim/README.md, after:

Toit
====

Plugin to add syntax coloring for the Toit language.

If you are using Pathogen to manage your vim plugins, it's enough to
recursively copy this directory to a $HOME/.vim/bundle/toit directory, so
that this file appears as $HOME/.vim/bundle/toit/README.md

Alternatively, if you are using Vim 8 or newer you can recursively
copy this directory to a $HOME/.vim/pack/toit/start/toit directory
so that this file appears as $HOME/.vim/pack/toit/start/toit/README.md

Syntax highlighting
===================

Create a folder called `syntax` in the location of your vim/neovim installation,
copy `syntax/toit.vim` to that folder and add the following to your `.vimrc` or `init.vim` file:

```
au! BufNewFile,BufReadPost *.{toit} set filetype=toit
```

This will enable syntax highlighting in vim/neovim.

Language Server
===============

There are many LSP clients for VIM. The following instructions are for
`vim-lsc`, but they should be easy to adapt for other clients.


As described in the [readme](https://github.com/natebosch/vim-lsc) the preferred
way to install the plugin is with a plugin manager.

Here, we use `vim-plug`:

```
Plug 'natebosch/vim-lsc'
```

Don't forget to run `:PlugInstall`.

Then add the following section to your `.vimrc`:
```
let g:lsc_server_commands = {
  \ 'toit': {
  \    'name': 'toit-language-server',
  \    'command': 'toit tool lsp'
  \  }
  \}
```
